Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which classmates did you consult with while working on this assignment?
- Which session(s) of TA / office hours did you attend?
- What are your initial impressions of Java? 
- Can you draw any conclusion about programming in general from the similarities or the differences between the two languages? 
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

I talked to Hau Phan and Seunghyeon Kim for this assignment. Hau said this assignment reminds her of the mobile app "Replica," which is an AI based app that allows you to have conversations on various topics and is also used for therapy. Seunghyeon mentioned that the key functions for this program would be loops and getting user input. We all tried to come up with a pseudocode; and we all agreed that we will need to use a scanner to get the number of rounds of conversation from the user and user's words that will later be used for making mirrored sentences. We tried to think of a way to mirror the user's unput sentences by changing the pronouns, and one of the options was to use if-else statements. The office hours I attended was 00000000000000. As this isn't my first time using Java, I wouldn't call this a first impression. But comparing Java with Python, Java looks much more complicated and "wordy." Also, the curly brackets would be the biggest difference from Python. However, although it looks messy, Java is actually much more descriptive, which helps me better understand the code that I'm writing. I went through a lot of struggles and trials when writing the codes for changing pronouns. I first used the if-else statement, but this caused problems when the user's sentence had more than one pronouns to be replaced(e.g., I am thinking about my cat.). So I made a getResponse function that goes through pronouns one by one and returns the final response. But I faced another problem; after changing "my" to "your," this was changed to "my" again because I had the line that changes "your" to "my" right after the line that changes "my" to "your." Therefore, I had to first replace "my" to some other word ("TEMPORARY") so it won't be recognized by the line that changes "your" to "my," then changed "TEMPORARY" -- which was originally "my" -- to "your." To those who will take this course, I would tell them to be brave enough to write the code all again when the method they're currently using seems to be not working. I wrote all my code with if-else statement at first, and struggled so much to solve the problem caused by input with more than two pronouns. After realizing the source of the problem, which was using the if-else statement itself, it was very sad to delete most of my code, but after that I came up with a much shorter, easier code that didn't create any errors. So I would tell them to go through many trials, try various methods, and find the best one for the assignment.